Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages.
How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#? 
Write in a text file called “programming-languages.txt” at least five languages along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. 
Use English.

	C
    Kernel level software.
    Hardware device drivers
    Applications where access to old, stable code is required.
	C++
    Application or Server development where memory management needs to be fine tuned (and can't be left to generic garbage collection solutions).
    Development environments that require access to libraries that do not interface well with more modern managed languages.
    Although managed C++ can be used to access the .NET framework, it is not a seamless transition.
	C#
    Rapid client application development.
    High performance Server development (StackOverflow for example) that benefits from the .NET framework.
    Applications that require the benefits of the .NET framework in the language it was designed for.
    Garbage Collector
	Python
    Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language.
    Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java.
    The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale.
      	JavaScript
    JavaScript is a high-level, dynamic, untyped, and interpreted programming language.
    It has been standardized in the ECMAScript language specification.
    Alongside HTML and CSS, it is one of the three essential technologies of World Wide Web content production.
    The majority of websites employ it and it is supported by all modern web browsers without plug-ins.
    JavaScript is prototype-based with first-class functions, making it a multi-paradigm language, supporting object-oriented,
    imperative, and functional programming styles.It has an API for working with text, arrays, dates and regular expressions, but does not include any I/O, such as networking, storage or graphics facilities,
    relying for these upon the host environment in which it is embedded.

